all right look I beg of manager here a
couple of things I noticed that when I
installed the clutch back on the crank
after I cut it down I still need to trim
that bolt not as much as I thought it
was but it just you know maybe you know
three sixteenths of an inch quarter inch
something like that the original bolt
this another panels true that the rack
dr. o7 channel brought up to me and I
appreciate that was that I did get back
this surface here which we sell with
relative to that surface there so when
we measure cross vehicle this way right
you know from down here and then when
you extend off of that back surface
there they are the same now so I want to
put it on the engine that's yeah but we
did a compass that you know so that's
what I was trying to accomplish it
accomplished right but now this here on
this one had the little step and then
we're back here had the radius so I
didn't have to chamfer the bench side of
this clutch I had that I had to do
otherwise I won't sit up flush in there
but once I did that this dude stood up
nice and it was common the measurements
with the original engine so I you know I
don't need this spacer because I was
thinking I think I got thrown off a
little bit because of I don't know maybe
the length of the crank I was cutting
out wasn't able to put it on until I
actually put it on and then rechecked
everything that I say I appreciate
Grizzly Adams we're bringing it to my
attention so that's good if I don't need
to space in the back there but one of
the next things I got to get into is
this exhaust manifold because here's me
over there doesn't want to come with my
engine when I got the the whole kit is
the more than just the long block me
come with come with this and so this
muffler system the mount on there
and this is what I had on the original
article so this these are different here
so they're not even the same size so I'm
gonna have to deal with that and I got
to get to this here so I'm gonna
literally have to cut off the ears on
that you know the main service put it on
a deep place and spread it out further
you know cuz that the V is wider on this
new engine so it's going to take some
MIG welding here like I said I want to
replace these with those on that and
muffler system and I want to cut this
open it up to the new v3 wallet together
try to keep it balanced I'm sure that
the exhaust pressure they had a setup
were perfectly balanced as it pulses are
there and I got my electric fuel pump
gotta find it to is in a bag when I got
my engine and then I hold my radiator
fits to I'm gonna have some ways I start
putting it in I'm gonna have to check
that out too you know cause it's a
bigger radius I like to stay with the
radiator so mean to say if I can get it
in you know I'd like to keep that I got
some new chains I'm gonna put it in the
front where I can't get to him take the
battery out putting the battery putting
the chain up there though you know clean
out that paint it up a little bit inside
there the hood is connected but the
height is connected changed and some
kind of scoop maybe put on it so anyways
that's kind of where I'm going and this
was sitting full I said it polished it
up and hopefully I got it back together
in a decent it looks like inside there
there was an adjustment for a spanner
wrench when I take this off on the
inside and I kind of just guessed I'm
that big you know circular no you're
gonna call it a nut anyways that the
threads were a few threads sticking out
when you take this off that piece I'm
talking about so if the clutch doesn't
engage or disengage quickly enough I may
have to play with that a little bit and
this guy here I just picked it up saying
I flew it put it back well I mean I
obviously want to get the engine in
because it they really want it off when
you put the engine back in then I can
put it on after that but the exhaust
manifold is going to be a little trick
and I still going to reinforce this even
a little bit more
down there I think I got it pretty good
but I like the reinforces a little bit
more so that's about it for now